WASHINGTON—I don't think I conveyed yesterday half the pleasure which the Lafayette College Choir, from Easton, Pa., gave us all. This choir is primarily used for their church services, but they do take a number of trips and I am very glad that we were privileged to hear them.

I held a press conference this morning and I find that as the time approaches for the arrival of the King and Queen of England in the United States, there is very little else which seems to interest the ladies of the press. I wish it were possible for everyone who desires to see and to meet this royal couple to do so, but I don't think that either space or time will permit it. Already pleas are being made for them to stand on the platform as their train goes through certain places and I am beginning to wonder if they will ever have a chance to sit down. If this is so in the United States, what must it be in Canada?

Out of this trip there should come a great deal of real goodwill, and I hope very much that minor things will not affect people in their feelings towards this young King and Queen. As far as one can judge, they seem to be friendly, interested and eager to see the world and people in general as they really are. I feel sure that, as a nation, we are going to welcome them in the same spirit.

Miss Grace Frysinger of the Department of Agriculture came over to tell my press conference about the women who are going to London for the conference of the Associated Country Women of the World. They will all be at Rural Women's Day at the New York World's Fair on the 23rd, before sailing on the "Queen Mary" on the 24th. There will be a broadcast on the 23rd at the Fair from 12:30 to 1:00 o'clock, in which some real farm women will be interviewed by one of the announcers and then the afternoon program from 3:00 o'clock on will be broadcast over NBC and Mutual Broadcasting Systems.

The stories of the various women who are going abroad are extremely interesting. About one hundred of them are women who actually live on farms. One hundred and fifty more are going who represent professional women connected with rural communities in one capacity or another. I hope that when they return it will be possible to have them give their experiences and impressions to the press and over the radio.

Today the ladies of the Cabinet joined me in our annual picnic given to the ladies of the Senate, and I enjoyed sitting in the sun and eating more food than I should ever eat at noon! I am happy that, on the whole, the days begin to look a little less crowded and I hope that continues to be the case, for the weather tempts one to stay out of doors.