NEW YORK, Wednesday—Here is the continuation of Representative Arthur G. Klein's point of view of what should be our program in the near future. It seems to me that these things are vital to us all, and so everybody's point of view should act as a stimulus to our thinking and should make us follow more closely the acts of our own representatives. What they do, may affect not only our own situation in the postwar period, but even the whole world.

"2. I favor the President's recent proposal to further educate or give vocational training to returning members of the armed forces, and, in this connection, I would favor the continuance of the Army and Navy training schools, under federal grants for this purpose. The problem of civilian education is inherently a matter for determination by the individual states. However, I subscribe unqualifiedly to the principle that educational and vocational training should be made available to all citizens, whether by state or federal appropriations.

"3. So far as I can perceive, there is no conflict between the plans I have enumerated and the possible plans of other districts. Obviously, the immediate problems peculiar to rural districts will vary in detail from those of great centers of population, such as New York City. But, in principle, what is good for the majority of citizens of my constituency is equally good for the majority of citizens of a small rural community.

"4. To insure future world peace, I will urge and support any legislation or treaty which has for its purposes:

"A) Closer cooperation between all nations, large and small—the extension of the 'good neigbbor policy' to all the world.

"B) Breaking down of trade barriers and tariff walls among nations.

"C) Respect for the security of and the right to self-determination by small nations.

"D) An improved and perfected League of Nations, to be universally acceptable to every nation, which will recognize the fact that all nations are interdependent and that the well-being of any nation is essential to the well-being of all.

"5. Many plans have been and are being formulated in Congress for which I intend to work. Among these are:

"A) The proposal for a flexible postwar works program, such as the one mentioned above.

"B) The proposals of the National Resources Planning Board to the President.

"C) The six points enumerated by the President in his recent radio talk, for aid to returning members of the armed forces.

"D) Any plan which has for its object the furtherance of the President's program for social and economic improvement."